The pirates were quickly destroyed by Caesar's fleet. 
Caesar's grand army invaded Britain. 
The British gallantly fought the Romans. 
The British did not fight on weekends or during teatime. 
Caesar's army furiously attacked them on weekends. 
The British army was quickly defeated by Caesar.
A single village withheld the invaders. 
Anticlimax was sent to Gaul to find Asterix. 
Asterix had private access to the magic potion. 
Anticlimax deflty snuck past the Romans. 
Asterix and Obleix were very bored. 
Anitclimax promptly arrived in the village. 
Obelix firmly shook Anticlimax's hand. 
Anticlimax was slightly injured by Obelix. 
Asterix was Anticlimax's cousin. 
Asterix sought Vitalstatistix's advice. 
Vitalstatistix helpfully agreed to fight the Romans. 
Getafix gave Anticlimax the magic potion. 
Anticlimax could not carry the barrel. 
Asterix and Obelix agreed to help Anticlimax. 
Getaflix gave Asterix some herbs. 
Obelix left Dogmatix behind.  
They travelled to Britain in a boat. 
Asterix attacked a Roman galley. 
Obelix talked about the magic potion. 
The Romans overheard Obelix. 
The Romans hastily returned to Britain. 
A thick mist covered the channel. 
Asterix, Obelix and Anticlimax spent the night in an inn. 
Obelix did not like boiled boar. 
Nobody liked the disgustingly warm beer. 
A roman patrol entered the inn. 
The patrol was looking for the magic potion. 
Anticlimax stole a horsed cart. 
The patrol chased the cart. 
Anticlimax tactfully escaped the patrol. 
The incompetent governor discussed the magic potion. 
Anticlimax, Asterix and Obelix arrived in Londinium. 
Anticlimax politely met Dipsomaniax. 
The group stayed in Dipsomaniax's small inn. 
A Roman patrol raided the inn. 
The patrol confiscated all of the barrels. 
The barrels were tested by the Romans. 
The troops got drunk. 
The troops fought among themselves. 
Asterix searched for the barrel. 
The group walked into the unguarded palace. 
Obelix violently hit a drunk Roman soldier. 
Obleix greedily drank from the barrels. 
The group left in a loaded cart. 
The group fought a Roman patrol. 
The unattended cart was stolen by a clever thief. 
Drunk Obelix fell asleep in the street. 
The angry governor reprimanded the troops. 
The Romans vengefully burnt down Dipsomaniax's inn. 
Obelix was publically arrested by the Romans. 
Obelix was unjustly incarcerated in the Londinium tower.
Asterix stormed the tower. 
Obelix freed Dipsomaniax. 
Asterix looked for the stolen barrels. 
Asterix searched the wrong house. 
Asterix found the cart thief. 
The cart thief sold the barrels. 
The group was discreetly followed by a Roman patrol. 
The barrel was recently sold to a rugby game. 
The patrol donned a civilian disguise.
The group watched the entertaining rugby game. 
A injured rugby player drunk from the barrel. 
The player immediately gained superhuman strength. 
The group and the Romans entered the game. 
Obelix retrieved the barrel. 
Asterix and Obelix fled to the river. 
Asterix quickly commandeered a boat. 
A Roman catapult destroyed the barrel. 
The group hurriedly continued to Anticlimax's village. 
Asterix promptly met the village's chief. 
Asterix remembered the strange herbs. 
The herbs were quickly added to boiling water. 
The villagers gleefully drank the tea. 
The Romans soon attacked the village. 
The British villagers counterattacked the Romans. 
The Romans were quickly defeated by the villagers.
Asterix and Obelix quickly left Britain. 
Asterix barely attacked the pirate ship. 
Asterix's small village had a banquet upon his return.
Hello, Goodbye!
